feat: ✨ Mks autoscaler demo (#40)
ovh/public-cloud-examples: containers-orchestration/managed-kubernetes/autoscaler/README.md

## Cluster autoscaler

### General information
 - 🔗 https://help.ovhcloud.com/csm/fr-public-cloud-kubernetes-cluster-autoscaler-example?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB0054914
 - 🔗 https://help.ovhcloud.com/csm/fr-public-cloud-kubernetes-configure-cluster-autoscaler?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB0054929

### Set up

>  - create a mks with activated autoscaler:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - create a MKS cluster with activated autoscaler:
```

   - name: whatever you want

>    - flavor: D2-4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - flavor: D2-4 (for example)
```

>    - autoscalling set to `true` with 1 node pool as min and 10 as max

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - autoscalling set to `true` with a node pool with 1 node minimum and 10 maximum
```

   - set the _kubeconfig_ file in the `KUBECONFIG` environment variable: `export KUBECONFIG=...`
 - if needed, build the heavy CPU load image:
   - `docker build -t <your-organisation>/python-cpu-load:1.0.0 .`, for example `docker build -t ovhcom/python-cpu-load:1.0.0 .`

### Demo
  - display the cluster information: `kubectl cluster-info`
  - display the nodepool information: `kubectl get nodepools`:
    - _AUTOSCALED_ to `true`
    - _DESIRED_ to `1`
    - _CURRENT_ to `1`

>     - _UP-TO-DATE_ to `1`

Author: ![image](https://github.com/ovh/public-cloud-examples/assets/26224751/a60bbdbe-b58f-4a90-82bb-957470a5901d)

Pas moi car comme spécifier [ici](https://github.com/ovh/public-cloud-examples/blob/2361e360f9d7b89ba66776f9eb1d9c352f77f7e8/containers-orchestration/managed-kubernetes/autoscaler/README.md?plain=1#L11) je positionne 1 comme min.

>     - _UP-TO-DATE_ to `1`

Reviewer: mon min est bien a 1

par contre une fois que l'auto scaler a "travaillé", qu'il a upscaler puis downscaler, le UP-TO-DATE s'est mis a 1 ;-) 

```
$ kubectl get np
NAME                                            FLAVOR   AUTOSCALED   MONTHLYBILLED   ANTIAFFINITY   DESIRED   CURRENT   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   MIN   MAX   AGE
nodepool-5af67fa6-b5d7-4db2-be27-ba8d4abcda95   b2-7     true         false           false          1         1         1            1           1     10    7d20h
```

>     - _UP-TO-DATE_ to `1`

Author: intéressant, je ne trouve pas ça logique vu qu'on demande 1 en min mais je mets à jour le README

    - _AVAILABLE_ to `1`      
  - optional, to scale down quicker you can decrease the thinking tile to 2 mins: `kubectl patch nodepool <node name> --type="merge" --patch='{"spec": {"autoscaling": {"scaleDownUnneededTimeSeconds": 120}}}'`
  - create a namespace: `kubectl create ns cluster-autoscaler`

>   - apply the [cpu-load.yaml](cpu-load.yaml) manifest: `kubectl apply -f cpu-load.yml -n cluster-autoscaler`

Author: oui pour mes tests j'utilise mon compte docker hub mais j'espère que l'image officielle sera dispo dans quelques jours 🤞

>   - apply the [cpu-load.yaml](cpu-load.yaml) manifest: `kubectl apply -f cpu-load.yml -n cluster-autoscaler`

Reviewer: crossed fingers! :)
j'ai testé sur mon docker hub et c'est impec en tout cas

>   - apply the [cpu-load.yaml](cpu-load.yaml) manifest: `kubectl apply -f cpu-load.yml -n cluster-autoscaler`

Author: de toute façon je ne vais merger que lorsque l'image sera dispo :)

  - display the created pods: `kubectl get pods -n cluster-autoscaler -w` (or use [k9s](https://k9scli.io/) 😉)
  - display the nodepools information: `kubectl get nodepools`
  - increase the replicas to 10 and watch the pods and the nodepools:

>     - `kubectl patch deployment python-cpu-load --type="merge" --patch='{"spec": {"replicas": 10}}' -n cluster-autoscaler`

Reviewer: Why not use kubectl scale command (easier to understand than a patch)? )

```
$ kubectl scale --replicas=10 deploy/python-cpu-load -n cluster-autoscaler
```

Author: fix with https://github.com/ovh/public-cloud-examples/pull/40/commits/f943e18ff11ad9ac691950ba93c057545a53dc23

    - `kubectl get pods -n cluster-autoscaler -w`

>     - `kubectl get nodepools`

Reviewer: J'ajouterai de regarder les nodes, pour voir que des nodes sont popés au fil des minutes :)

Author: fixed with https://github.com/ovh/public-cloud-examples/pull/40/commits/f943e18ff11ad9ac691950ba93c057545a53dc23

  - downsize the replicas to 3 and watch the pods and the nodepools (⚠️ the effective deletion occurs after 10 mins ⚠️):

>     - `kubectl patch deployment python-cpu-load --type="merge" --patch='{"spec": {"replicas": 3}}' -n cluster-autoscaler`

Reviewer: Why not use kubectl scale command (easier to understand than a patch)? )

```
$ kubectl scale --replicas=3 deploy/python-cpu-load -n cluster-autoscaler
```

Author: good point, the OVHcloud tuto used the patch and not the `scale` command but I agree with you.
I've "just" to update also the tuto :)

Author: fixed with https://github.com/ovh/public-cloud-examples/pull/40/commits/f943e18ff11ad9ac691950ba93c057545a53dc23
